README.md, before:

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/main/runCLAUDErun_logo.svg" width="40" align="center" alt="runCLAUDErun Logo"> runCLAUDErun

**The professional scheduler for Claude CLI on macOS**

Automate your Claude CLI commands with a beautiful native macOS app. Schedule tasks to run at specific times, intervals, or in response to system events.

## 📥 Download

### Latest Release
**[⬇️ Download runCLAUDErun v1.1.5](https://github.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/releases/latest)**

### System Requirements
- macOS 10.13 or later
- Apple Silicon (M1/M2/M3) or Intel processor
- Claude CLI installed (the app will help you install it)

## 🚀 Installation

1. Download the latest `.dmg` file from the [releases page](https://github.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/releases)
2. Open the DMG file
3. Drag runCLAUDErun to your Applications folder
4. Launch runCLAUDErun from Applications
5. If prompted, allow the app in System Preferences → Security & Privacy

## ✨ Features

- **📅 Flexible Scheduling** - Run tasks at specific times, intervals, or on system events
- **🎯 Native macOS Integration** - Menu bar app with system-level scheduling via launchd
- **🔄 Auto-Updates** - Stay up to date with automatic update notifications
- **📊 Task Management** - Create, edit, enable/disable tasks with a clean interface
- **📝 Logging** - Full output and error logging for all scheduled runs
- **🔐 Secure** - Code signed and notarized by Apple

## 📖 Documentation

For detailed documentation, tutorials, and troubleshooting, visit the main repository:
[github.com/willwnekowicz/runclauderun](https://github.com/willwnekowicz/runclauderun)

## 🔄 Auto-Updates

runCLAUDErun includes automatic update checking. When a new version is available, you'll be notified and can update with a single click.

## 🔒 Security & Privacy

- ✅ Code signed with Apple Developer ID
- ✅ Notarized by Apple for Gatekeeper approval
- ✅ No data collection without consent
- ✅ Open source codebase

## 📝 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details

## 🤝 Support

Having issues? Check our [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/willwnekowicz/runclauderun#troubleshooting) or [open an issue](https://github.com/willwnekowicz/runclauderun/issues).

---

<p align="center">
  Made with ❤️ for the Claude community
</p>

Commit message:

Update README and branding
- Replace SVG logo with app icon PNG
- Add benefits about local storage and Claude Code CLI compatibility
- Remove references to private repository
- Update support links to point to this repository
- Add disclaimer about independence from Anthropic
- Remove documentation and license sections

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/main/icon.png" width="40" align="center" alt="runCLAUDErun"> runCLAUDErun

**The professional scheduler for Claude CLI on macOS**

Automate your Claude CLI commands with a beautiful native macOS app. Schedule tasks to run at specific times, intervals, or in response to system events.

## 📥 Download

### Latest Release
**[⬇️ Download runCLAUDErun v1.1.6](https://github.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/releases/latest)**

### System Requirements
- macOS 10.13 or later
- Apple Silicon (M1/M2/M3) or Intel processor
- Claude CLI installed (the app will help you install it)

## 🚀 Installation

1. Download the latest `.dmg` file from the [releases page](https://github.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/releases)
2. Open the DMG file
3. Drag runCLAUDErun to your Applications folder
4. Launch runCLAUDErun from Applications
5. If prompted, allow the app in System Preferences → Security & Privacy

## ✨ Features

- **📅 Flexible Scheduling** - Run tasks at specific times, intervals, or on system events
- **🎯 Native macOS Integration** - Menu bar app with system-level scheduling via launchd
- **💻 Works with Claude Code CLI** - Seamlessly integrates with the official Claude Code command-line interface
- **🔒 Local Storage** - All your tasks and data are stored locally on your machine
- **🏠 Privacy First** - Everything runs locally, no cloud dependencies
- **🔄 Auto-Updates** - Stay up to date with automatic update notifications
- **📊 Task Management** - Create, edit, enable/disable tasks with a clean interface
- **📝 Logging** - Full output and error logging for all scheduled runs
- **🔐 Secure** - Code signed and notarized by Apple

## 🎯 Benefits

- **100% Local** - All task configurations and data stay on your machine
- **Claude Code CLI Compatible** - Built specifically to work with Claude's official CLI tool
- **No Cloud Dependencies** - Your workflows remain private and under your control
- **System-Level Integration** - Uses macOS's native launchd for reliable scheduling

## 🔄 Auto-Updates

runCLAUDErun includes automatic update checking. When a new version is available, you'll be notified and can update with a single click.

## 🔒 Security & Privacy

- ✅ Code signed with Apple Developer ID
- ✅ Notarized by Apple for Gatekeeper approval
- ✅ No data collection without consent
- ✅ All data stored locally on your device

## 🤝 Support

Having issues? [Open an issue](https://github.com/runCLAUDErun/releases/issues) in this repository.

---

<p align="center">
  <em>runCLAUDErun is an independent project and is not affiliated with Anthropic or Claude.</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  Made with ❤️ for the Claude community
</p>
